Right
this time
I only give you one minute
time to consider
If not yet
That's one million
seven
Fan Shao
you are not the favorite
Just playing tricks
This one smells like alcohol
Little cute
play
It definitely doesn't taste like that
You still understand me
Forgot to tell you
This KTV
It's opened by our family
How do I want to play
Play
Have fun
in person
bully my girlfriend
As if I don't exist, right?
Brat
Do you dare to be there?
Laozi’s KTV
Beat me
Your KTV
Then I am today
Just let your home KTV
Change your last name
Laozi’s KTV
It’s the whole Jiangcheng
The most luxurious KTV
worth thirty million
Worth three times
You bitch
Can you afford it?
Thirty million
It's trivial
boy
if you could
buy it
I kneel down
I can tell you as many times as you want
fifty million
Now
immediately
Buy this KTV